c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\SuperSaiyan.exe
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\SuperSaiyan.pdb
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\obj\x86\Debug\SuperSaiyan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\obj\x86\Debug\SuperSaiyan.exe
c:\users\hung\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\obj\x86\Debug\SuperSaiyan.pdb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Goku.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\superfat.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gokuweapon.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\supermanweapon.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\GokuAttack.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\GokuGetHit.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\GokuDeath.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\Explosion.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\SuperfatBounce.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\sound\SuperfatShot.xnb
C:\Users\Hung\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\SuperSaiyan\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Arial20.xnb
